>> Richard Feldman: So
we have just the one to do here.
Let's start by taking a look at how
sort of the existing version looks.
So we have this global feed.
Everything in here say it needs decoding.
Hey, we now have
the article that I posted,
[LAUGH] great, from the previous exercise.
[COUGH] Well, it also needs decoding.
So all of these things are relying
on the same decoder for
metadata, which currently
has everything as hardcoded.
So essentially, let's convert these.
So metadata is a type alias
that is defined up here.
So it's got description which is a string,
title which is a string,
a list of tags, favorite id,
favorites count and createdAt, and
createdAt is the only one
that's filled in with required.
So let's just go down the line.
[COUGH] So the first one we're gonna
need is a required description and
that one is a string.
Then we're gonna need
another required one,
in fact all these are gonna be required,
so title, title is also a string.
Then we have tagList,
>> Richard Feldman: Which
is not a string but a list of strings.
And so we're gonna call the list function
inside the json.decode module, and
pass it string decoder so
it turns that from a single string
decoder to a decoder of list of strings.
Then we've got favorited, which is
a bullion, that will just be bull.
And finally we have favoritesCount,
>> Richard Feldman: Which is an int, okay.
>> Richard Feldman: Let's see.
Yeah, order matters.
These must be decoded in the same order
the order of the fields in 'type alias
Metadata' above.
So let's just double check that we got
those in the right order, description,
title, tagList, favorited,
favoritesCount, and createdAt.
Looks good, let's rebuild, that worked.
Let's refresh, go to the global feed and
hey, we got article titles again.
Including, this excellent piece that I
wrote here, which I all suggest you read
afterwards, because,
I think it's really got a lot to say.